  Once upon a time, seven little elves were traveling through the magic forest to start their first day of class. The leading elf, 
Tom, has never stepped out of the magic forest before and is extremely panicked, but as the oldest of all of his brothers and sisters,
he has to act tough. The forest is pretty small and it did not take them a long time before they reach the edge of the forest.
Yet there is a beautiful woman lying on the ground with her skin pale as a sheet of paper and eyes staring at the sky like a precious marble. 
Elves have never such a beautiful woman and started to approach her unconsciously; only thing is that when Tom touches her skin, 
it was ice cold, when he feels her breath, he cannot feel anything. Apparently, she is dead. 

The elves, unsure what to do. look to their eldest brother Tom. Tom is not sure either but as the oldest brother he must act. 
He sends two of his siblings back to get his parents. After that, he attempts to revive the woman but he has no experience in medicine.
His parents arrive and luckily, they have a few magic tricks up their sleeve. It turned out that the woman was not dead but instead
in a trance from some magic spell cast upon her by some being within on the edge of the magic forrest. Once she is up, she starts to
tell her story.

She tells a sad tale of a young woman who was blessed by three fairies. Two of the fairies blessed her with beauty and song. The third fairy had gotten her gift interrupted by an evil fairy who was jealous of the young woman. The evil fairy cursed the woman so the night of her sixteenth birthday, she would prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and die. The third fairy lessened the curse so that she would only fall into a deep slumber. Only the magic from the elves from the magic forest could wake her. The day of the woman's sixteenth birthday, she traveled to the magic forest that was rumored to house the elves. However, the forest was treacharous and she lost her way. Soon nightfall came, and the woman fell into a deep slumber.
